so what would you do if you walk into a
bathroom and instead of toilet paper
you found a bowl of water and no
instructions either or what if warding
off bad luck meant talking to birds at
the park sure these things may seem
wacky to you but they're pretty normal
customs in other countries and some
actually sound pretty fun counting down
from number 25 if you ever find yourself
in the Spanish town of Bunol at the end
of August I sure hope you brought some
protective gear that is if you happen to
catch La Tomatina a massive one-day
light-hearted food fight with none other
than the beloved tomato or tomato yep
thousands of people thousands of
tomatoes you do the math and don't
forget to dock number 24 happy birthday
now shove your face in this cake is
something you might hear in Mexico here
as you get handed your birthday cake and
are about to take that first delicious
bite someone will likely push your face
right into it you see that at u.s.
weddings a lot these days just a waste
of good cake to me number 23 in Germany
if you're 25 and single your friends
will often lead you to your birthday
party with a string of old socks as you
celebrate with drinks well I sure hope
they wash those socks beforehand number
22 in the States
pull my finger is a risky and smelly
game but in Scandinavia Austria and
Bavaria Germany finger pulling or finger
hacklin is a competitive sport that
really competitors will often even pull
each other across the table with their
middle fingers because they're pulling
so hard now are we sure it's not that
the guy is being jet propelled across
the table number 21 if you're going on
vacation and want to leave with as many
good vibes as possible sit down with
your household first before you head out
the door in Russia they believe that
doing this ensures you have a good trip
and
Ward's off bad luck speaking of which
[Music]
number 20 if you're taking a walk in the
park in the UK you might spot a
gentleman tip his hat to a magpie that's
because in British folklore these little
birds are bad omens but if you tip your
hat to it and say good morning mr.
magpie and how is your lady wife today
you'll reverse your bad luck the bad
British accent is optional number 19 in
Denmark if it's your 25th birthday or
higher and you're still single your
friends and family throw handfuls of
cinnamon at you the odd tradition is
based on history that way back in the
16th century Danish spice merchants used
to stay unmarried because they were too
busy traveling around the world you know
trying to spice things up number 18
roses are red violets are blue but give
someone yellow roses in Mexico and it's
goodbye to you that's because in this
country yellow roses signify death oh if
you're gifting someone a bouquet for
their birthday or anniversary you better
stick with a good old dozen red roses
[Music]
number 17 if you were to spit at your
boss or a family member when you greeted
them it'd be considered pretty darn rude
but in the Masai tribe in Kenya and
northern Tanzania spitting into their
hands before a handshake is considered
appropriate and respectful this is often
the way people in the tribe wish each
other good luck and safe travels it's
even done at weddings so imagine
spitting on the bride as a good gesture
it's also how they secure a deal put a
rat there yeah that'll take some getting
used to number 16
you might gift newlyweds with some
sparkling new China but in Germany
family and friends actually break dishes
the night before a wedding
doing this tradition known as poulter
abend is believed to bring good luck to
the couple who are expected to clean the
mess up and learn how to work too
and if not there will be more dish
breaking later on down the road number
15 in Venezuela
the early bird doesn't necessarily get
the worm they're running late isn't a
problem the way it is in the US and
other countries when it comes to parties
or even work meetings arriving a few
minutes late isn't considered rude all
right I'll be booking my ticket now
number 14 all right you didn't think I
wasn't going to include something
strange from the US did you
how about donning top hats and looking
at a groundhog named Punxsutawney Phil
to tell us if spring is here or not the
groundhog tradition goes back to
February 2nd 1887 you know before we had
advanced meteorology to really goof up
the forecast well in any case if this
furry ground dweller sees his shadow
that supposedly means six more months of
winter number thirteen if you'll want to
stand out as a single person
you'll love the French celebration of
st. Catherine's day or the patron saint
of unmarried women on this day in
November bachelorettes age 25 or older
rock green or yellow hats to celebrate
the single life hey what's up at 25 it's
always 25 is that the deadline or
something well probably long long ago
when life expectancy was like 28 they
didn't want you to keep dilly dallying
or something I guess number 12
who needs noisemakers and champagne when
you can just throw your furniture out
the window to ring in the new year in
South Africa the tradition of chucking
chairs tables and whatever furniture out
the window onto the street for the new
year has been going strong since the end
of apartheid this symbolizes the act of
ridding your home of past sorrows so
that you can make room for happier more
hopeful times you know if they started
doing that in Times Square in New York I
think I'd watch from a distance
number eleven and if you thought
throwing your furniture out the window
is strange you'll definitely be
scratching your head at the South
American tradition of carrying around an
empty suitcase for the new year by
walking a block with the empty luggage
you're supposed to bring hope and new
adventure into the upcoming year and
hopefully a nice vacation so that you
can actually put stuff in that suitcase
number ten business meetings in the
office can be so stuffy and boring so
why not head to the sauna with your boss
and co-workers well that's how they do
it in Finland where the sauna serves as
a perfectly good spot to hold meetings
and other important gatherings in the
professional space but you'll probably
want to remember your robe in there
number nine even if you're naturally a
lefty using this hand is considered
pretty rude in a lot of Middle Eastern
countries this is because the left hand
is the designated cleaning hand in the
bathroom and therefore it's the dirty
one
the right hand is supposed to be used
during meals and for shaking people's
hands and since we're on the topic of
bathroom duties number eight if your
biggest fear is doing your business in a
restroom that's run out of toilet paper
well you might have some problems when
visiting India that's because in most
parts of this country instead of toilet
paper people use water to cleanse their
private areas it may sound odd to
Westerners but at least they don't have
to worry about clogging up the plumbing
as much right okay there's still a
question for me as to what you
ultimately do to clean up but I guess
we'll leave that to the imagination or
let me know down in the comments if you
know the answer number seven in Thailand
there are tons of stray monkeys hanging
around and once a year in lop buri
Bangkok people dump over 6,000 600
pounds of fruits and veggies out for the
little guys to munch on in what's
referred to as the monkey buffet
festival
I'll bet they go ape over it you could
see that one coming couldn't you number
six when you think of a wedding you
probably imagine fun laughter and
celebration and lots of cake in the face
but in China a traditional wedding is
preceded by the bride crying a month
before her big day after a few days
she's joined by her mother grandmother
and other family members was up with
that but here's the thing this
month-long cry sesh is to show joy for
her future marriage okay number five in
America and in lots of other countries
it's typical to clink glasses before
drinking but in Hungary no one claims
glasses at bars or around the dinner
table
ever since the Austrians defeated the
Hungarians during the Revolution and
celebrated by clinking their glasses
the Hungarians swore off this tradition
so I'm thinking if they do it anyways do
they then get thrown in the clink
hey it was worth a shot number four
well we consider it bad luck to see the
bride before the big day
people in Thai dong Indonesia believe
using the toilet three days after the
wedding is bad luck
family members typically watch over the
newlyweds to make sure they don't use
the bathroom at all gee I wonder how
many of them explode so then I guess
it's really like a race to see who
passes first the newlyweds or the three
days where do they come up with this
number three Americans are used to
having copious amounts of ice in their
drinks but in many places in Europe
having little or no ice at all is the
norm if you're dining in these places
you need to ask for extra ice otherwise
you'll have to enjoy your coke at room
temperature oh the horror
number two if you ever visit Fiji you'll
likely be greeted by a cocktail
containing juice from squeezed roots
served in a wooden bowl known as
and apparently it has shall we say
psychoactive effects so you might want
to go easy on the kava or just grab a
lemonade instead and finally number one
speaking of cheesy in Gloucester England
on the last Monday of May a giant wheel
of Double Gloucester cheese is pushed
down Cooper's Hill while spectators are
encouraged to chase it whoever catches
it it doesn't fall flat on their face
gets to take the cheese wheel home and
I'm thinking what if the out-of-control
cheese wheel takes out a sidewalk full
of spectators then it's just a cheesy
way to go I guess well what can I add to
that do you know any other customs that
might seem odd to outsiders let me know
down in the comments if you learned
something new here today then give this
video a like share it with a friend and
here are some more cool videos to check
out from the bright side of life
[Music]